Add `samharju/yeet.nvim` (#1087)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [niuiic/terminal.nvim](https://github.com/niuiic/terminal.nvim) - Manage terminal as buffer, multiple terminals support.
- [RAprogramm/nekifoch](https://github.com/RAprogramm/nekifoch) - Managing Kitty terminal font settings.
- [2KAbhishek/termim.nvim](https://github.com/2KAbhishek/termim.nvim/) - Neovim Terminal, Improved.

> - [samharju/yeet.nvim](https://github.com/samharju/yeet.nvim) - Plugin for running shell commands in terminal buffers or tmux panes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [samharju/yeet.nvim](https://github.com/samharju/yeet.nvim) - Run shell commands in terminal buffers or tmux panes.
```
